IGN : VoidIsHereYT

What is your Telegram handle? : @Mohand Saleh

What is your Discord handle?  : VoidIsHereYT#2689

What time zone are you in? : GMT+2 

What country do you live? : Egypt

What languages can you speak? : English , Arabic

How old are u?  : 13 and gonna be 14 soon
More than 5 hours/day

Do you have any staff experiences ? : [helper] MazeHQ] (Closed) i was helper on there for like 1week then they shut down the server cuz it hade no hope

[mod+] | LiptonPvP (Closed) : LiptonPvP was a french practice server, pretty famous at the time, I eventually started playing on it and loved it. When I first applied I wasn't confident at all, that was my first time applying for staff and I was thinking "What if I make mistakes?" etc.. I got an interview and got accepted as a Trial-Mod and made my way up to Mod+ and sadly the server had to close due to missing of funds. When I was staff there I learned most of my Screensharing knowledge and had to trained my patience a lot.

[mod] | FunPvP (Resigned) : FunPvP was (again) a french practice server, I was just chilling on it and the Owner made an annoucement that they were recruiting staff on TS. I went to the TS and passed the interview. At the time the server was reaching 75 players per day and the support channels were filled up

[staff manager] (OCG (Resigned) : OCG is a Discord server (It's a bit different I know but still I was there) which is giving away/selling Optifine Capes & Accounts. I was the only Head-Staff Member with the Owner and had the resposability to manage around 15 staff members at the time. Sadly, I suspected the Owner for scamming and that was the case, I talked to him for more than 2 hours and he admitted. I refuse to be involved into scamming so I left my Staff Manager position and left the discord.

[acehcf mod+] [resigned] due to staff members being toxic and not very nice to members.
And the owners didn't care about the server one bit. And there was a staff member that I can't name which was really toxic to all the staff members and was just being an immature person overall.
Daily players: 100 - 150

[railhq admin] [resigned] because the player base was really toxic
staff member threatened to ETB the whole server. This server helped me in many ways such as helping me how to deal with the server in many different unique ways and the higher staff members gave me tips that have made me become more and more mature as the years go by.
Daily player: 50 - 100

[zorex.us]Mod 
Zorex, ok zorex wasnt a bad server or anything but the server was down sometimes and yea so i resigned from that server Daily Players 10-35

[zilex.us]Co-Owner] 10-35 Players Daily

[sagepvp] Helper] so yea i resign 

Why should we choose you instead of other candidates? : I believe that my becoming staff on pvptemple.com will not only benefit the server, but will also allow me to teach other staff members important things along with possibly learning something new. I am extremely active, so inactivity would be of no concern. I’m a generally nice person and can handle a multitude of situations professionally. I am easy to get along with and can be a great staff member to both reach out to and learn new things from. I am a non-biased person, therefore I will not chose to help my friend over someone who has been waiting for a longer period of time. I definitely will not be biased in my way of punishi6ng players. I will not give someone a lesser punishment just because I may know them. I treat all players equally, regardless of their social, mutual, or hierarchical status. I am very helpful and efficient when it comes to getting work done. I am capable of doing mass moves in TeamSpeak and dealing with toxic players calmly. I will ensure that I will get things done in the required time frame. I’m generally knowledgeable when it comes to knowing staff commands and how to handle specific situations. My screensharing ability is nothing short of excellent. I am able to quickly locate a plethora of cheats in a screenshare, such as: Vape Lite, Vape V3, Drip, Iridium, etc. Additionally, I am a very honest person. If one of my friends or someone that I am acquainted with broke a rule, I would be honest and deal with them in the correct manner. I am exceedingly responsible when it comes to remembering specific things and when they need to be completed. I rarely let people down when they count on me to get a project done.

Is there any staff member who could vouch you ? If not, leave this blank.

